README.md, before:

# ChromeSal

ChromeSal is an extension for Chrome OS that allows Managed Chrome devices to report to a Sal server.

The built extension can be found on the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnahlfkoiaeknjhhcnhcjgpemccoklg/).

## Requirements

* The Chrome OS device _must_ be enterprise enrolled.
* The extension _must_ be installed via the G-Suite policy

The extension has been restricted to Chrome OS devices only, and will not function if the above two conditions are not met. This extension relies on APIs that are only available to enterprise enrolled devices, so does not function when installed manually.

## Sal v4

To work with Sal 4 you will need to upload the extension to the Chrome Web Store for your organization.

* Download the ChromeSal repository
* Go to [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard), pay the $5 fee, and **Add new item**
* Upload the zip
* Upload the **active_128.png** icon and **Sal.png** screenshot
* Change the language, set visibility to Private for your organization, and **Publish changes**
* Install with the new extension ID for your organization and configure

## Configuration

``` json
{
  "serverurl": {
    "Value": "https://sal.yourcompany.com"
  },

  "key": {
    "Value": "yourreallyreallyreallylongkey"
  }
}
```

You must apply the above configuration file using G-Suite admin.

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to ChromeSal, please file an issue or (even better) a pull request to fix things. If you wish to talk about your feature before implementing, you will find the maintainers in [#sal](https://macadmins.slack.com/messages/C061B9XGS) on the macadmins.org Slack.

If you wish to run the code locally (via Chrome's 'unpacked extension' feature), you can place a file called `settings.json` in the same directory as the source code, with the following contents:

``` json
{
  "debug": false,
  "serverurl": "https://sal.company.com",
  "key": "yourreallylongkey"
}
```

If you wish to test on a non-enterprise enrolled / non-chrome OS device, set `debug` to `true`. Note that this will produce the serial number of `ABC123`, as the device's Cloud ID is not avaialble to non-enterprise enrolled devices.


## Credits
https://github.com/pugetive/plist_parser

Icon: Monitor by Astonish from the [Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com)

Commit message:

More generic directions for uploading custom extensions

README.md, after:

# ChromeSal

ChromeSal is an extension for Chrome OS that allows Managed Chrome devices to report to a Sal server.

The built extension can be found on the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ohnahlfkoiaeknjhhcnhcjgpemccoklg/).

## Requirements

* The Chrome OS device _must_ be enterprise enrolled.
* The extension _must_ be installed via the G-Suite policy

The extension has been restricted to Chrome OS devices only, and will not function if the above two conditions are not met. This extension relies on APIs that are only available to enterprise enrolled devices, so does not function when installed manually.

## Making Custom Extension Versions

If you want to deploy your own version of ChromeSal you will need to upload it to the Chrome Web Store for your organization.  You might want to do this to run a pre-release version, or to create a custom version seperate from the official ChromeSal extension.

* Download the ChromeSal repository
* Go to [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/developer/dashboard), pay the $5 fee, and **Add new item**
* Upload the zip
* Upload the **active_128.png** icon and **Sal.png** screenshot
* Change the language, set visibility to Private for your organization, and **Publish changes**
* Install with the new extension ID for your organization and configure

## Configuration

``` json
{
  "serverurl": {
    "Value": "https://sal.yourcompany.com"
  },

  "key": {
    "Value": "yourreallyreallyreallylongkey"
  }
}
```

You must apply the above configuration file using G-Suite admin.

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute to ChromeSal, please file an issue or (even better) a pull request to fix things. If you wish to talk about your feature before implementing, you will find the maintainers in [#sal](https://macadmins.slack.com/messages/C061B9XGS) on the macadmins.org Slack.

If you wish to run the code locally (via Chrome's 'unpacked extension' feature), you can place a file called `settings.json` in the same directory as the source code, with the following contents:

``` json
{
  "debug": false,
  "serverurl": "https://sal.company.com",
  "key": "yourreallylongkey"
}
```

If you wish to test on a non-enterprise enrolled / non-chrome OS device, set `debug` to `true`. Note that this will produce the serial number of `ABC123`, as the device's Cloud ID is not avaialble to non-enterprise enrolled devices.


## Credits
https://github.com/pugetive/plist_parser

Icon: Monitor by Astonish from the [Noun Project](https://thenounproject.com)
